README.md, before:

## DevOps Toolbox

A collection of tools for developers and operations analysts.

### Available Tools

- **JSON Explorer**: Explore and visualize JSON data structures.
- **JSON-CSV Converter**: Convert JSON data to/from CSV format.
- **Column to CSV Converter**: Convert a column of text into a CSV format with customizable prefixes and suffixes.

### Quick Start

To install the dev-toolbox, clone the repository and navigate to the project directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dev-toolbox.git
cd dev-toolbox
npm install
npm run dev # Start the development server
npm run build # Build the project for production
```

### Usage

Each tool can be accessed via the main interface. Simply select the desired tool and follow the on-screen instructions to input your data and obtain the results.

### Resources / Roadmap

This is a small repo that I use for personal development. No more tools are planned. Otherwise, here's a few resources I'd like to study more in depth and apply to this project:

- Learn about types: https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/types#app.d.ts

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

Commit message:

docs: duplication of index.html to 404.html works for github pages

README.md, after:

## DevOps Toolbox

A collection of tools for developers and operations analysts.

### Available Tools

- **JSON Explorer**: Explore and visualize JSON data structures.
- **JSON-CSV Converter**: Convert JSON data to/from CSV format.
- **Column to CSV Converter**: Convert a column of text into a CSV format with customizable prefixes and suffixes.

### Quick Start

To install the dev-toolbox, clone the repository and navigate to the project directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dev-toolbox.git
cd dev-toolbox
npm install
npm run dev # Start the development server
npm run build # Build the project for production
```

The build script in package.json has been configured to copy `index.html` to `404.html` to support static site hosting on Github pages.

### Usage

Each tool can be accessed via the main interface. Simply select the desired tool and follow the on-screen instructions to input your data and obtain the results.

### Resources / Roadmap

This is a small repo that I use for personal development. No more tools are planned. Otherwise, here's a few resources I'd like to study more in depth and apply to this project:

- Learn about types: https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/types#app.d.ts

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.
